Added deprecating IE support topic (#982)
MicrosoftDocs/edge-developer: microsoft-edge/web-platform/deprecating-ie-support.md

---
description: Moving users to Microsoft Edge from Internet Explorer 
title: Moving users to Microsoft Edge from Internet Explorer
author: MSEdgeTeam
ms.date: 11/03/2020
ms.author: msedgedevrel
ms.prod: microsoft-edge
keywords: microsoft edge, compatibility, web platform, internet explorer
---
# Moving users to Microsoft Edge from Internet Explorer 

> Many modern websites have designs that are incompatible with Internet Explorer \(IE\).  Whenever a user of IE visits an incompatible public site, the user may get a message stating the site is incompatible with the browser.  After the message is displayed, the user must manually switch to a different browser.  To minimize disruptions, starting with version 84, Microsoft Edge supports a new capability.  The new capability automatically redirects the user.  When an IE user navigates to a site that is incompatible with IE, Windows automatically redirects the user to Microsoft Edge.  To review the sites on the list, navigate to [Need Microsoft Edge list][MicrosoftEdgeNeededgeV1].

Reviewer: Can we say, 

After the message is displayed, the user is expected to manually switch to a modern browser.

Author: Updated.

```md
After the message is displayed, the user is expected to manually switch to a modern browser.
```

> Many modern websites have designs that are incompatible with Internet Explorer \(IE\).  Whenever a user of IE visits an incompatible public site, the user may get a message stating the site is incompatible with the browser.  After the message is displayed, the user must manually switch to a different browser.  To minimize disruptions, starting with version 84, Microsoft Edge supports a new capability.  The new capability automatically redirects the user.  When an IE user navigates to a site that is incompatible with IE, Windows automatically redirects the user to Microsoft Edge.  To review the sites on the list, navigate to [Need Microsoft Edge list][MicrosoftEdgeNeededgeV1].

Reviewer: restate to 

To minimize disruptions, starting with version 84, Microsoft Edge supports a new capability which automatically redirects users.

Author: Updated.

```md
To minimize disruptions, starting with version 84, Microsoft Edge supports a new capability that automatically redirects users.
```

> Many modern websites have designs that are incompatible with Internet Explorer \(IE\).  Whenever a user of IE visits an incompatible public site, the user may get a message stating the site is incompatible with the browser.  After the message is displayed, the user must manually switch to a different browser.  To minimize disruptions, starting with version 84, Microsoft Edge supports a new capability.  The new capability automatically redirects the user.  When an IE user navigates to a site that is incompatible with IE, Windows automatically redirects the user to Microsoft Edge.  To review the sites on the list, navigate to [Need Microsoft Edge list][MicrosoftEdgeNeededgeV1].

Author: ```md
To review the websites on the list, navigate to [Need Microsoft Edge list][MicrosoftEdgeNeededgeV1].
```  

```md
[MicrosoftEdgeNeededgeV1]: https://edge.microsoft.com/neededge/v1 "Need Microsoft Edge list v1 xml | Microsoft Edge"  
```

This article describes the following concepts.  

*   The user experience for redirection  
*   How a site gets added to the IE compatibility list  
*   How to get your site added or removed from the list  
    

> ## Why is a site added to the CV List?  

Reviewer: This should be "IE compatibility" list

Author: Updated.

```md
## Why is a site added to the IE compatibility?  
```

> The Compatibility View List only adds a site when the following actions occur.  

Reviewer: This should be "IE compatibility" list

Author: Updated.

```md
The IE compatibility List only adds a site when the following actions occur.  
```

*   Shows an IE user a message suggesting the user should use a different browser for compatibility reasons.  
*   Owner requests to add the website to the IE compatibility list.  
    
## Update the IE compatibility list  

> The IE compatibility list is an XML file on [microsoft.com][MicrosoftOfficialHome].  The list is regularly updated in response to user's and website developers requests to have websites added or removed.  Updates to the list are automatically downloaded on user's machine.  

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The IE compatibility list is an XML file on [microsoft.com][MicrosoftOfficialHome].  The list is regularly updated in response to user's and website developers requests to have websites added or removed.  Updates to the list are automatically downloaded to user machines.  
```

> Email the following information to [ietioedge@microsoft.com][MailtoMicrosoftIetioedge] for your site to be added or removed from the IE compatibility list:  

Author: ```md
Email the following information to [ietoedge@microsoft.com][MailtoMicrosoftIetoedge] for your website to be added or removed from the IE compatibility list.
```  

```md
[MailtoMicrosoftIetoedge]: mailto:ietoedge@microsoft.com "Send an email to ietoedge@microsoft.com"  
```

*   Owner name  
*   Corporate title  
*   Email address  

> *   Telephone number  

Author: ```md
*   Owner name  
*   Corporate title  
*   Email address  
*   Company name  
*   Street address  
*   Website address  
<!--  *   Telephone number  -->  
<!--  *   Target platform \(desktop, phone, Xbox\)  -->  
```

*   Company name  
*   Street address  
*   Website address  

> *   Target platform \(desktop, phone, Xbox\)  

Author: ```md
*   Owner name  
*   Corporate title  
*   Email address  
*   Company name  
*   Street address  
*   Website address  
<!--  *   Telephone number  -->  
<!--  *   Target platform \(desktop, phone, Xbox\)  -->  
```

    
<!-- links -->  

> [MailtoMicrosoftIetioedge]: mailto:ietioedge@microsoft.com "Send an email to ietioedge@microsoft.com"  

Author: ```md
[MailtoMicrosoftIetoedge]: mailto:ietoedge@microsoft.com "Send an email to ietoedge@microsoft.com"  
```
